# z5116928 - Matthew Notarangelo

# Week 1

Group formed. I created the Jira project and established the group on webcms. We started to brainstorm ideas and agree on which project to consider. We also had another meeting on 16/09 to discuss the project scope and the project management side of the course.

# Week 2

I started to consider the system architecture design as per the proposal report and investigate different methods of achieving our overall product. I also continued brainstorming features and user stories to better understand the requirements and scope.

# Week 3

Basically a continuation of week 2. I kept working on the report and brainstorming features. My section was the system architecture which meant considering the database design, possible endpoints, overall infrastructure, Django model design, and how everything connects together.

# Week 4

I started to code up some of the backend tasks. This included setting up the github repo, django backend initialisation, create-react-app, README file, as well as Django models and views. I also put a lot of time into trying to get Django Rest Framework set up but it seems too complicated, and considering the limited time until Demo A, it's probably not feasible to learn it in time. The main advantage would have been the easily accessible OpenAPI documentation which can be used with Swagger UI.

# Week 5

Mostly just fixed bugs in the sprint A demo and started planning for sprint 2. There were a few key infrastructure changes which included adding foreign key fields to the Django models (which allows cascading on delete for 'child' models. I also implemented some basic CI/CD formatting for python and javascript files. I attempted to do the same with a linter but had limited success since the errors and warnings were a nuissance.

# Week 6

I allocated all child tasks evenly between group members. I also started working on some of the sprint 2 functionality. This included user likes and dislikes, a basic search implementation, and made bugfixes to many endpoints. I also refactored some of the testing code to use pytest (to formalise some of the basic print testing we were doing before). I also added a helper class for the testing framework to make it easier to write tests

# Week 7

I started implementing the nutritional information and connection to the database. For this I used the nutritionix API since the natural language processing feature allows the ingredient list to be passed in with only minor modifications. It also seems fairly accurate but verifying this is difficult. I've also finished working on the advanced search based on tags. This marks the completion of all sprint 2 tasks so I have started looking at sprint 3 and how the team can approach it

# Week 8

Cleaned up a few bugs prior to Demo B. On Tuesday I created a script which allows dummy recipes to be added to the database in one go - this should make frontend testing and demonstration easier in the future. I've also started implementing the sharing feature, and populating the Jira board with some child tasks and acceptance criteria

# Week 9

I had a meeting with the rest of the team to find any bugs which existed. After creating tickets on Jira for them, I spent most of the week working through both frontend and backend bugs. I also re-enabled the Github Actions formatter for JS files, which ensured that they are all formatted consistently. For the demonstration, I created a script to run everything with one command (install all backend and frontend dependencies).

# Week 10

I spent Monday preparing for the demo. This included fixing bugs and trying to get our virtual machine setup working, as well as preparing the script. The remainder of the week has mostly been spent on the report and improving the code quality before submission. Specially, I completed the external functionalities/dependencies part of the report and have started documenting the novel/non-trival features and code segments.
