# Week 1

Group formation. We spent time reading through the project requirements and brainstormed novel features to see which projects are more feasible and interesting.

# Week 2

We continued to brainstorm and decided to go with the meal planning project. I wrote down the meeting notes.
There was a lot of debate on which features to keep and we spent a lot of time aligning everyone's thoughts. We tried to divide out clearly which was necessary and which are just nice to have feature.

# Week 3

Setup github classroom. The coding hasn't really start yet since we are still working on the proposal.
My main job is to finish the user stories part. We spent more time aligning everyone's thoughts and I spent time writing out the acceptance criteria, functionalities, and project objectives. Revised the entire report at the end to make sure the format is right and there are no trivial mistakes.

# Week 4

I will be working on the frontend in sprint 1. We searched whether there are suitable templates to make the UI look better. But in the end we decided to start with native MUI and improve the design in the future if we have time.
Imported MUI, setted basic layout of the page and working on the user profile page.

# Week 5

Spent a lot of time solving CORS issues and credential issues caused by how Django handles authentication. Finished profile related pages and login page for first demo, including tweaks to backend to fit frontend needs.

# Week 6

-- flex week --

# Week 7 

Discussion on whether to use MUI components or styled-components as main tool. Built a experimental homepage with MUI for discussion, but eventually we decided to delete all frontend and start again with styled-components.

# Week 8

Built and connected to backend: profile page, shopping list page, subscription page and some last minute fixing on homepage and cookbook connection. Although we did divide the components out to avoid overlapping work, but sometimes the need for minor tweaks makes it hard to achieve with shared components. Communication with the backend to sort out the APIs. A couple of functions were modified to properly fit the user flow, for example, removing the need to "create a shopping list" since there will only be one.

# Week 9

Rewrite connection part of shopping list page to match the new API to support addition/deletion of individual ingredients. Built pages mealplan and mealplan/results, most work spent in 1.multiple selection input field with options from fetching backend data. 2. Carousel display of mealplan, since the original source code was buggy, I needed to fork it, fix it, build it on my repository so that it can be installed.

# Week 10
Build error page. Fix a lot of bugs that were discovered by going through the app together and bug bounty day, the bugs fixed are as mentioned in the JIRA bug list.
Finish report sections 3.2, 4.7, 4.8, 4.9, 5.1. Updated start_app.sh to make sure it runs on most Unix shells. Add instructions to deal with port in use issues.
